tidb-in-kubernetes: improve content and wording of kind deployment doc (#1683)
pingcap/docs: dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/get-started/deploy-tidb-from-kubernetes-kind.md

## Step 2: Deploy TiDB Operator in the Kubernetes cluster

1. Install Helm and configure it with the charts provided by PingCAP. Refer to the steps in [Use Helm](/dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/reference/tools/in-kubernetes.md#use-helm).

2. Deploy TiDB Operator. Refer to the steps in [Deploy TiDB Operator](/dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/deploy/tidb-operator.md#install-tidb-operator)

## Step 3: Deploy a TiDB cluster in the Kubernetes cluster

Refer to the steps in [Deploy TiDB on General Kubernetes](/dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/deploy/general-kubernetes.md#deploy-tidb-cluster).

## Access the database and monitoring dashboards

> To access TiDB clusters, use `kubectl port-forward` command to expose services to the host. The port number used in command are in `<host machine port>:<k8s service port>` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the TiDB cluster, use the `kubectl port-forward` command to expose services to the host. The ports in the command are in `<host machine port>:<k8s service port>` format.
```

- Access TiDB using the MySQL client

    Before you start testing your TiDB cluster, make sure you have installed a MySQL client.

    1. Use kubectl to forward the host machine port to the TiDB service port:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ``` shell
        kubectl port-forward svc/<release-name>-tidb 4000:4000 --namespace=<namespace>
        ```

        If results like `Forwarding from 0.0.0.0:4000 -> 4000` is returned, it means the host machine port is successfully forwarded.

    2. Access TiDB using the MySQL client, and open a **new** terminal tab or window to run the following command:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ``` shell
        mysql -h 127.0.0.1 -P 4000 -u root
        ```

        When testing finishes, use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> to exit.

- Access TiDB through the monitoring dashboard

    1. Use kubectl to forward the host machine port to the Grafana service port:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ``` shell
        kubectl port-forward svc/<release-name>-grafana 3000:3000 --namespace=<namespace>
        ```

>         If results like `Forwarding from 0.0.0.0:4000 -> 4000` is returned, it means the host machine port is successfully forwarded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        If the proxy is set up successfully, it will print something like `Forwarding from 0.0.0.0:3000 -> 3000`.
```

    2. Open your web browser at <http://localhost:3000> to access the Grafana monitoring dashboard.

        - default username: admin
        - default password: admin

>         When testing finishes, use <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> to exit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        When the testing finishes, press `Ctrl + C` to stop the proxy and exit.
```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > If you are deploying kind on a remote machine rather than a local PC, there might be problems connecting to "localhost".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > If you are deploying kind on a remote machine rather than a local PC, there might be problems accessing the monitoring dashboard of the remote system through "localhost".
```

    >
    > When you use kubectl 1.13 or later versions, you can expose the port on `0.0.0.0` instead of the default `127.0.0.1` by adding `--address 0.0.0.0` to the `kubectl port-forward` command.
    >
    > {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}
    >
    > ```
    > kubectl port-forward --address 0.0.0.0 -n tidb svc/<release-name>-grafana 3000:3000
    > ```
    >

>     > Then, open your browser at <http://vmip:3000> to access the Grafana monitoring dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > Then, open your browser at `http://<VM's IP address>:3000` to access the Grafana monitoring dashboard.
```

## Step 2: Deploy TiDB Operator in the Kubernetes cluster

1. Install Helm and configure it with the charts provided by PingCAP. Refer to the steps in [Use Helm](/dev/tidb-in-kubernetes/reference/tools/in-kubernetes.md#use-helm).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    2. To access TiDB using the MySQL client, open a **new** terminal tab or window and run the following command:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ``` shell
        mysql -h 127.0.0.1 -P 4000 -u root
        ```

        When the testing finishes, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> to stop the proxy and exit.

- View the monitoring dashboard

    1. Use kubectl to forward the host machine port to the Grafana service port:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ``` shell
        kubectl port-forward svc/<release-name>-grafana 3000:3000 --namespace=<namespace>
        ```

        If results like `Forwarding from 0.0.0.0:4000 -> 4000` is returned, it means the proxy is set up.

    2. Open your web browser at <http://localhost:3000> to access the Grafana monitoring dashboard.

        - default username: admin
        - default password: admin

        When the testing finishes, press <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> to stop the proxy and exit.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > If you are deploying kind on a remote machine rather than a local PC, there might be problems accessing the monitoring dashboard of the remote system through "localhost".

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > 
```
